One of the biggest takeaways I have from ROTC is discipline and commitment.
You have to really be committed to studying, not only for school,
but like also being committed to you know working out and like
being the best person that you can be and like short periods of times
because you have to be able to schedule yourself well because you're
going to be booked all the time especially in college.  So I wake
up PT then class then I'm going to go study for an hour at the library
before I have lunch with friends still making time for yourself
and then you have more class and then you might have like evening meetings
and then you want to make sure it like you're able to that might
have some downtime like just for yourself so like maybe watch a
TV show or maybe just relax and read a book.  So in order to have a
lifestyle like this like you need to be committed to like taking care
of yourself and making sure that you’re always on time and scheduling
yourself properly.